with only a few episodes of friends left
a look back we were on a break slack
it's madness I tell you on one amazing
rise me I'm Chandler could I be wearing
any more clothes you accidentally
proposed to Rachel I'm sorry is all a
move for it a move point it's like a
cow's opinion doesn't matter it's moved
you're gonna have a baby they're gonna
have a baby have we talked about
multiple births why don't we just take
care of this one and should I get
pregnant again I'm the last man on earth
would you go out with me I'm getting
married today
you think you know I was here by the
powers vested in me by the state of New
York and the Internet guys I now
pronounce you husband and wife
oh and they're gonna have a baby mm-hmm
you know you probably didn't know this
but back in high school I had a major
crush on you I knew I always figured you
just thought I was Monica's geeky older
brother I did Oh
you're worse away I can't imagine my
life without you shove your face heart
your good heart I'm Ross take the M&A
take the rage song you know I can't
believe I even thought I'm getting back
together with you we are so over fine by
me
this spring you've seen the all-time
greatest episodes oh the camera adds 10
pounds
so how many cameras are actually on the
lungs voted on by millions of fans we
started a rumor rumor you had both male
and female reproductive parts
you were the MAF radec cheerleader for
Long Island they're the classic moment
we can't forget he wanted it to be a
surprise all leading to the final three
all new episodes we're not really sure
what its gonna feel like when it ends
nobody really knows what to expect I
live in a pretty strong world of denial
I'd like it to end with a you know with
a nice semblance of hope to know that
everybody's gonna be okay in their own
kind of quirky way you still want that
baby everyone knows that
Ross and Rachel are supposed to be
together wish about 10 years keeping
them apart and they kind of get close
and it's a disaster you always feel a
sense of history between these two and a
sense of destiny you're Ross and Rachel
you two are supposed to be together
um I don't want it to end biggest thing
they miss is everyone here they're just
a my family the final episodes of
friends every Thursday on NBC